♪♪
♪ I'm goin' down to South Park,
gonna have myself a time ♪
♪ Friendly faces everywhere ♪
♪ Humble folks
without temptation ♪
♪ Goin' down to South Park,
gonna leave my woes behind ♪
♪ Ample parking day or night ♪
♪ People spouting,
"Howdy, neighbor!" ♪
♪ Heading on up to South Park,
gonna see if I can't unwind ♪
♪ Mrph rmhmhm rm!
Mrph rmhmhm rm! ♪
♪ Come on down to South Park
and meet some friends of mine ♪
You guys! You guys, oh, my gosh!
Oh, my gosh!
-What is it?
-What happened, Bebe?
Clyde just sent me
another text.
Oh!
Oh, what's
this one say?
I texted him if he thought
about me all the time,
and he texted back,
"It certainly seems
like all the time.
It's hard to get someone
like you out of my mind.
Aw!
Doesn't he just send
the best texts ever?
-Yeah, he does!
-Sure does.
Yesterday, I texted him,
"How do you know
you're in love with me?"
And he said,
"I know I'm in love with you
because spending time with you
makes me feel like
I'm home
and I can't imagine life
without you."
-Aw!
-That's so sweet!
Clyde wrote that?
[ Cell phone dings ]
OMG, Clyde.
Do you really care
about me that much?
Does Stan ever talk to
you like that, Wendy?
No.
Every time I send
Stan a text, he just responds
with a thumbs up emoji.
Yeah, well, Clyde is just
really into me.
Oh, he's texting back!
"Yes, I do care
about you that much.
You mean a lot to me
and I care deeply about you."
Aw!
[ Bell rings ]
He sure is in love
with you, Bebe!
He's a Goddamn dream boat!
♪♪
[ Cell phone dings ]
Hey, Stan, is there a time
we could talk today?
I'm feeling a little insecure
about some things.
[ Message sent chime ]
♪♪
Hey, Clyde,
can I talk to you?
Sure, bro.
Well, um,
Wendy just came up
to me and was acting all hurt
'cause she thinks
I don't care about her.
Uh-huh.
And she said that she wishes
I would reply to her texts
the way that Clyde
responds to Bebe's.
So, like...
how do you do it?
ChatGPT, dude.
ChatGPT?
Yeah, dude,
there's a bunch of apps
and programs you can subscribe
to that use OpenAI
to do all your writing for you.
People use em to write poems,
write job applications,
but what they're
really good for
is dealing with chicks.
Here. Check it out.
There's tons of ChatGPT
apps for you phone.
So, then I can take
whatever latest dumb thing
Bebe texted me,
I copy it,
then I open the GPT app,
Click "respond to," paste
her text here, hit "write."
It just thinks for a second.
"You would look great
with any length of hair!
Trying a new look
could be fun."
Copy that into messages
and send it off.
It's super easy and convenient
and it saves me a ton of time
because she texts me
so Goddamn much.
[ Cell phone buzzes ]
Jesus Christ!
"I probably won't do it, but
thanks for being supportive."
Cut. Paste. Write.
Cut. Messages. Paste.
Send. There.
[ Message sent chime ]
All done with
her stupid shit.
This is a real app?
It'll completely
change your life, bro.
Just, uh --
Just don't tell anybody, huh?
If Bebe found out,
I'd be a dead man.
♪♪
Woman: ♪ Wet ink on the paper
makes me nervous ♪
♪ I nearly lose my vision ♪
♪ And then, my breath
and my pulse and mind ♪
♪ Quicken ♪
[ Cell phone buzzes ]
♪ Head below my knees ♪
♪ I come alive ♪
♪ With every stroke
of every letter ♪
♪ And every line you write ♪
Keeps me awake thinking back
♪ Oh, my first sight of you
was my first heart attack ♪
Every letter makes me
lose my reason
Every word is like
your kindest touch
[ Cell phone buzzes ]
♪ And if I told you ♪
How much I need you
♪ Would you give me yourself
or turn and run? ♪
♪ You light up desire
just by describing it ♪
♪ I read to myself
until I go blind ♪
♪ Your words fall around me
all through the night ♪
♪ I can't resist
and I don't want to fight ♪
[ Cell phone buzzes ]
Man: ♪ Will you be held ♪
♪ Will you be touched ♪
♪ By my hand through
this paper? ♪
♪ This is all too much ♪
♪ Will we be ravaged ♪
♪ Will we be true ♪
♪ To somebody perfect,
somebody like you ♪
♪ I'm tired of yearning ♪
♪ I'm tired of learning ♪
♪ I need to drink you ♪
♪ My heart has been burning ♪
[ Cell phone ringing ]
[ Beep ]
Hello?
Hey, Stan, I didn't
get it yet.
Didn't get what?
You asked me if I wanted
a bedtime story about frogs
or a song about swans.
I said a bedtime story!
Oh, yeah, I-I wrote it.
I'll send it to you right now.
Okay, bye!
♪♪
[ Bell rings ]
Okay, children
let's take our seats.
I've graded
your midterm essays,
and I have to say, for the most
part, they were terrible.
However, there were some essays
that I'm very happy with.
There was a really great essay
from Clyde
on the "1840s Labor Unions
and Their Effect
on the Industrial Revolution."
Let's hear it for Clyde, kids!
Great work, Clyde.
Thank you. Thank you.
Uh-huh.
What?
Someone who never writes
good essays, Butters,
wrote an amazing piece
on "Post-Cold War Poland
and the Changing Provision
of Security."
Check plus, Butters!
Oh, uh...thanks.
[ Chuckles nervously ]
We also have another student
who wrote a shockingly
good paper.
This one's called "A Feminist
Neoliberal Perspective
of Post-War Afghanistan"
by Eric Cartman!
Ah, yes, thank you,
thank you.
♪♪
And this week, we have a new
student to the check plus club.
For an amazing essay called
"Writing a Policy
About Improving the Rights
of Migrant Workers."
Let's hear it for Stan!
[ Applause ]
♪♪
All right, what the hell
is going on?!
You tell me
what's going on!
Clearly, somebody
told Stan about ChatGPT!
You guys are using it
to write essays, too!
Yes, we are all using it,
and we had a pact that we
wouldn't tell anyone else
because then everyone
will start using it
and Mr. Garrison
will figure it out!
So who [bleep]
blabbed to Stan?
I just told Stan about it as
a tool to text his girlfriend.
God damn it, Clyde!
You don't use an amazing AI
cheating tool to talk to girls!
You're gonna ruin
everything!
This can't be open source,
you guys!
If everyone starts
using ChatGPT,
then we lose
our unfair advantage.
[ Zipper unzips ]
[ Urinating ]
[ Sniffs ]
[ Grunts, farts ]
[ Zipper zips ]
[ Urinal flushes ]
[ Under breath ]
Oh, God-[bleep]-damn it.
[ Water running ]
If they find out that we
don't have to work anymore,
then they aren't gonna want to
work and then we're all screwed!
Who's the one
who first found ChatGPT
and thought to use it
for essays?
Butters.
Right.
But then Butters
told me about it,
and I told him
not to tell anyone else!
Right, but then you went
and blabbed about it to Clyde.
That's right.
I was a little excited.
You guys, I'm not going
to tell anyone else!
You really think I want Wendy
finding out about this thing?
Fine. So we're all
in it together.
But you guys need to be careful
what you use it for.
Because once you bring girls
into things,
they're gonna ruin it.
Just like slavery.
Ugh.
Ugh, God,
I can't take it, Rick!
What's the matter?
Oh, it's just grading these
stupid papers all the time!
I have to read em' all
and comment on each one of them.
Jesus Christ.
Something's changed,
and now a few of the kids are
writing these really long,
detailed essays.
I don't know what's going on.
I guess I've taught them
really well,
maybe a bit too well.
Uh, yeah...
Have you ever heard
of ChatGPT?
ChatGPWhoza what?
The [bleep] is that?
There's a few apps now,
really. But see?
It has AI and takes
any subject matter
and can instantly give you
whatever kind of content
you want.
Wait a minute...
There's an app
that anyone can use
that does all the thinking
and writing for you?
Yeah.
Well, this is gonna be
amazing!
I can use it to grade
all my papers,
and no one
will ever know!
Uh, yeah, sure.
I'll just type
the title of the essay in,
and it'll generate
a comment,
and I don't even have to
read the stupid things!
Yeah, and then you'll
have more free time.
Oh, this is great.
Thanks so much!
Just got to make sure nobody
finds out I'm being sneaky
Oh, and --
and, hey, Rick?
Yeah?
Thanks for all the replies
to my texts today.
They were really
supportive.
Oh. Yeah.
Sure thing.
[ Indistinct conversations
in background ]
This place is good, right?
Yeah, it's really good.
Well, I know
it's not much,
but I just wanted
to take you out somewhere
to say thanks, Stan.
For what?
For stepping up and working
on communication
when I asked you to.
Oh, that's cool.
The things
we've talked about, Stan,
it's really helping me.
I don't feel so alone
and misunderstood.
I've been so scared
for so long to tell anyone
what happened to me
when I was six.
Yeah.
And...
everything you had to say
about it was just right.
It really changed the way
I think about the whole thing.
Yeah.
And when you said the same
thing happened to you, I --
I couldn't believe it.
Were you at home
when it happened?
Yep.
But you're right.
We can't dwell
on those things.
You're right about
a lot of stuff.
There was just that one thing
I don't understand.
About the boating accident
in Switzerland?
The boating accident
in Switzerland...
was tough.
I thought you said
it was great.
It was great.
And very tough.
But how did it cause
the thing with your cousin?
Oh, shit.
What time is it?
It's a little after 4:00.
Oh, shit.
My mom told me to be home
right at
a little after 4:00.
Sorry, Wendy.
I-I gotta get going.
No, no, no, that's totally okay.
I gotta get going, too.
Okay, cool.
Thank you so much, Stan.
Thank you for being the only
real thing in my life.
Shit.
Clyde: "Oh, Bebe, your name
is like a song.
A melody stuck
in my head so long.
I can't help but smile
when I hear it said --
Bebe, the name
always in my head."
Oh, God, so obvious.
Clyde: "I dream of spending
my days with you, Bebe.
In South Park
or anywhere that maybay.
Talking, laughing,
just being together."
[ Through headphones ]
♪ Beruhre meinen korper ♪
"In a dream
I hope will last forever."
Excuse me, Mr. Garrison?
♪ Beruhre meinen korper ♪
Mr. Garrison?!
Oh, yeah.
What?
I'm sorry, but I need to address
your class really quick.
Oh, yeah, yeah, sure.
Go ahead.
M'kay, kids, I need to discuss
a very serious matter.
There is a rumor going around
that someone at this school
is using open AI technology
to do their work.
[ Suspenseful music plays ]
♪♪
Well, that's crazy!
Who would do that?
Now, I know that everyone
at this school is honest,
hard-working,
m'kay, wouldn't --
wouldn't even want
to use this "ChatGBD."
ChatGPT!
Oh, m'kay,
but the school board
has decided
to call in a company
that can detect AI
in schoolwork
and make sure nobody here
is cheating.
They --
They are gonna what?
So we're just gonna collect all
the school work that we can --
Whoa, whoa, whoa,
whoa, whoa, whoa.
And we are gonna
have them analyzed
for any AI contributions,
m'kay?
Well, those are --
those aren't, uh, quite ready.
Don't worry.
We'll get these all back to you
after the testers
look through them.
M'kay, kids,
sorry for the intrusion.
Get back to your day.
M'kay.
God [bleep] dammit!
I told you guys
this was gonna happen!
What are we gonna do?!
There's nothing we can do.
It's over!
We've lost
our unfair advantage.
That's not
what's important.
If they find out I've been
using open AI for class,
Wendy's gonna know
I've been using it with her,
and it's gonna
crush her!
Dude, same.
Bebe's gonna [bleep] kill me.
And who's fault is that,
you guys?
I told you that once
you bring women into things,
they ruin it just like
they did slavery.
Okay, Eric,
could you explain
exactly how women
ruined slavery?
No, I can't, because I can't
use [bleep] ChatGPT anymore
'cause we got
[bleep] busted!
Look, maybe --
maybe this AI-detection
technology won't work.
It doesn't matter
if it doesn't work.
Cat is out of the bag now!
This was supposed to be
our thing
for us to get ahead,
but now --
God dammit,
get the [bleep] out of here!
M'kay, I'm just
a little confused.
You think we shouldn't have
the kids' schoolwork analyzed
for using AI writing apps?
Look, it's just --
it's really unfair
to the kids.
I mean, what are we saying?
That we don't trust them?
I mean, geez!
But don't you think if kids
aren't writing their own papers,
we should know?
Oh, what are people
afraid of?
That AI is gonna replace
real writers?
That Hollywood
is gonna become
just a bland recycling
of old ideas?
It already is!
AI might help it!
Well, I don't know
what you want me to do.
[ Intercom beeps ]
Yes?
Woman:
Mr. Mackey, the technician
from the school advisory board
just pulled
into the parking lot.
[ Indistinct conversations ]
[ Dramatic music plays ]
♪♪
Someone here using AI technology
to do their classwork?!
If there is ChatGPT
being used here,
I will find it.
Shadowbane! Fly!
[ Shadowbane screeches ]
[ Blows ]
[ Rings bell ]
Uh, hello.
I'm the counselor here
at South Park Elementary.
This is one of our teachers,
Mr. Garrison.
I...
have been hired by
the Park Country School Board
to determine
if any students
are using generative
AI technology to do their work.
Uh, yes, we're excited
to work with you.
We have a lot
of great students here.
[ Sniffs ]
It only takes
one student.
[ Popping ]
And then it spreads
like a cancer.
Come, Shadowbane!
Let us find this
ChatGPT-using cheater!
[ Shadowbane screeches ]
[ Sad music plays ]
I'm gonna get fired.
That's it.
Mr. Garrison,
can I talk to you?
Oh, is it important, Stan?
'Cause I'm kinda dealing
with some stuff right now.
Yes, it is important.
You know, when you've done
something wrong,
sometimes
the best thing to do
is just come out
and admit it.
[ Sighs ]
Okay.
Okay, you're right.
How did you find out?
Clyde told me about it.
I came to you because if they
find something out about me,
and you punish me,
it's gonna
really hurt Wendy.
I don't wanna
punish anyone, Stan.
I completely understand.
You do?
Sure, I think
most the world does.
I mean, why does it matter
who uses AI apps?
It's just like having
a good writer's assistant.
Yeah, like a good
writer's assistant.
Yeah! I mean,
you're still the one
taking the time to, like,
push the buttons and stuff.
Yeah!
So you really don't think
Wendy would be upset
that I used ChatGPT
to respond
to her texts?
Hold on.
People can use it
to respond
to other people's texts?!
[ Suspenseful music plays ]
♪♪
Rick!
That lying piece of shit!
But we were just saying
it was understandable --
No! This is totally
different!
Whoever uses it for messages
is a [bleep] monster!
[ Kids chattering and shouting ]
M'kay, everyone,
please just stay calm.
They got him!
They found the kid
that's been using AI apps.
Get back!
Get back, all of you.
I have the student
isolated inside.
W-What exactly
have you found?
We went through
thousands of papers.
But then Shadowbane
detected Chatbot writing
in this student's phone.
[ Shadowbane screeches ]
There, you see?
She's going crazy.
Oh, no.
What is going on?
Oh, God.
No, no, no, no.
The GPT stuff on her phone
didn't come from her.
Keep all the children back,
Mackey.
We can't let it spread!
I will go inside
and get her confession.
[ Bells ringing ]
You have been cheating
on your schoolwork.
No, I haven't.
Say it!
You have used ChatGPT
to write your essays for you.
Now humble yourself
before the school!
I write my own essays.
I don't know what to do.
I'm not creative enough
to think of a way out of this.
Wait.
That's it.
[ Buttons clicking ]
[ Message whooshes ]
Female AI voice:
Once upon a time,
there was a boy named Stan
who lived in South Park.
Stan loved his girlfriend
very much,
but lately he hadn't
been truthful with her.
One day, when
Stan got to school,
he was approached
by his best friend.
Dude, did you hear what happened
to your girlfriend?
No, what about her?
Dude, she got caught
cheating on her essay.
Just then, Stan noticed
a commotion down the hallway.
This student is going
to jail for cheating.
Drugs are bad, m'kay?
Hold it right there!
Look, everyone, we can't blame
people who are using ChatGPT.
It's not their fault.
Well, whose fault is it?
I'll tell you who.
It's the giant tech companies
who took open AI,
packaged it, monetized it,
and pushed it out to all of us
as fast as they could
in order to get ahead.
Open AI is so powerful
that it has to be something
that everyone can use,
control, and contribute to.
Or else AI will be controlled
by corporations
who just want an unfair
advantage like Cartman does.
Hey!
Screw you, you dumb Jew!
We don't want
big corporations
deciding what's ethical
and acceptable for AI.
We were all
taken advantage of,
and that's why my girlfriend
would totally understand
that I used ChatGPT
to respond to her texts.
That's right!
Well, I guess we can
let you go now, ma'am.
I will find these tech companies
who are trying to use open AI
for their own gains,
and I will stop them!
M'kay, kids, I think
we can all go home, m'kay?
Female AI voice:
Everyone was happy,
and Stan's girlfriend
completely forgave him.
Thanks for saving me,
Stan.
You're welcome,
sweetheart.
Class dismissed!
All: Yay!
[ School bell rings ]
[ Indistinct conversations ]
Boy, I'm sure glad
that's over with.
Yeah, but...
I'm still really not sure
what just happened.
Well, now at least we know
that sometimes
a good ol' thumbs up
from a human
is better than
a machine-generated lie.
Yeah.
Yeah, you're right, Stan.
I love you.
Dude, how did you
pull all that off?
ChatGPT, dude.
♪♪